Documentation Refactor Part 1 (#1225)
NVIDIA/cuda-quantum: docs/sphinx/using/examples/introduction.rst

Introduction
--------------------------------

Welcome to CUDA Quantum! On this page we will illustrate CUDA Quantum with several examples. 

.. tab:: Python

   We're going to take a look at how to construct quantum programs through CUDA Quantum's `Kernel` API.

   When you create a `Kernel` and invoke its methods, a quantum program is constructed that can then be executed by calling, for example, `cudaq::sample`. Let's take a closer look!

   .. literalinclude:: ../../examples/python/intro.py
      :language: python

.. tab:: C++

>    We're going to take a look at how to construct quantum programs using CUDA Quantum kernel expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   We're going to take a look at how to construct quantum programs using CUDA Quantum kernels.
```
quantum kernels are functions, and hence calling them expressions seems odd from a language perspective.
